We're ready to begin.
Mr. Denkins, you're working you back to the committee table after your stand in there.
So see, some crew would have left until they've very fine-done while interrogating the start.
We have Senator Massasdi back on the stand this morning.
He's the last witness now, and we will stay with him until all members of the committee and all the attendees of council.
And ask him the last question that they have in mind.
If he thinks that you're anything to say or any questions to ask, please start.
Mr. Denkins, I have no questions.
Well, this chair will pass his first turn and start then with Senator McClaude.
Senator McClaude has 10 minutes and there are many who have 10 minutes before.
One of them are about there when you were on the stand.
7-4-3 days ago, you know how to make a free move.
You can hear it.
How is this?
It would all add now, and you can hear that in the comments.
We will miss not too much of charge of counter charge of an hour.
We'll be fair, giving you the floor.
And I do not want for undiligable lady to see the ink by probably going into every detail and every charge.
I have another answer for what I do want.
The question here about some of them.
I will read both of you in the comments.
I will read both of them in the comments.
We will make you feel better, let you feel better, let you feel better.
Senator, may I tell you my intention to make a right for you, Mr. Denkins?
I couldn't understand my being in a thing or to shut counter charge.
I do have some other interesting things you want to do that, of course, with your federal and the...
Wait and hear you, Mr. President.
I have to be here.
I cannot understand anything about counter charge.
I will be right back.
I don't want any of this.
I don't want to call this any of this.
I thought you were going to close your first letter.
I don't want to ask you that last letter here.
There is a charity now and it wasn't here beneath the island.
That's a here, it's very successful.
Even in sector Mr. Adams.
If I had to do some training, it was arriving Mr. Steedham.
But certainly someone, I guess here, but just heard from the people who are going to get the...
...follow the board before us.
Someone who are going to get those who give perhaps a few moment coming, this special concern.
I'm curious.
Senator, may I get the President that these lines speak, there's not a deal right here in the party either.
I don't know.
But they're not arguing about that.
I don't know what this really is.
I can't be in for the President, I still have a friend.
But I haven't campaigned for Mr. Kripper yet.
So you're one up on it.
No, I'm not.
Well, you're fired.
You see we're fired for Mr. Kripper again.
I think we just as well as the government once in a while, we're only having an evidence to the care of Mr. Kripper
...but the 20th of the 20th place will come this second day.
That's not cool.
I don't think all of this says there's no sworn testimony always have a monitored call for Mr. Simonton,
which indicate the only doubt that Mr. Kripper was advising Mr. Bob Stevens.
Well, in the A.Y. call, so that Stevens was willing to come and testify, was willing to give up the information.
But apparently Mr. Kripper is...
...and a legal advisor or something prevailed.
But let us start right now. You've tried to look for a certificate in this box for this month.
I don't try to think, I'm not going to do that.
If all I do is draw attention to the testimony, are we up for a meeting with that?
I wonder if we are.
I think so.
I know I am.
Well, we act to be...
...the testimony shown...
I thought you had a just a monitored call.
We had no legal adjustments.
I'm sorry, sir.
I said a testimony to the...
...the monitor call shows that...
...they show the number one list of...
...signing that we have on the occasion of the first call...
...refers to gang of all the equipment.
Refers to the first assessment rate is...
...the discussion about legal plans.
Lawyers and cops talk about the advice...
...so given the plan to be by equipment.
So, reading or longer call or something...
...I don't think you can escape the conversion of Clark's equipment.
The chief legal advisor of President Truman...
...while I was attempting to take out the coming of the...
...Broadian somehow.
So, he was the advisor of Mr. Stephen Roswell.
Well, he thinks the chief advisor of the Attorney General...
...of the United States will get the chief advisor's rent.
I don't know the money I have here.
I beg for it.
I said no, no.
You don't know.
You may be dead.
But let's get back to the question.
They do have in mind at that time...
...and that you believe in them.
Do you now believe that they, Mr. Stephen and Mr. Adams...
...will protect those who are in time...
...have detected 50 in the counter.
I'm not sure whether or not they knew...
...that they didn't know that they were...
...a loyal hero screening board...
...with their dismantling during our hearing.
The seven swimming individuals...
...who are very, very common workers...
...like to be sick and red-eyed plants.
I understand.
I'm not saying they didn't know...
...I'm trying to determine if this is a charge...
...if you made that statement.
And only you can answer it...
...pickshap with an implication of the language used.
But I'm not sure if we make this very clear.
Come on.
I don't know about Secretary Stephen...
...to the short time he was not a foreigner.
I do know that we were in...
...with Mr. Adams' presence...
...his job with his partner, Mr. Stephen...
...that consistently...
...people were coming to question.
Had dinner moved in the radar plant.
I laughed.
Then even after they got by the first time...
...the oil he poured was again on the first mass.
That all more threat exception.
When they got to the Pentagon...
...for the old film and board...
...they were sent back...
...to work in the radar laboratory.
Now the figure we have is 33 out of 35.
That's unofficial because...
...Mr. Stephen's was down to the position they could not...
...office to give them any figures.
Well, as a chair contingent...
...that's all that was removed...
...or suspended...
...and that has been reinstated...
...or still communist and so forth.
So, why should he be that chair contingent?
I would like to say it's a personal...
...I think that from the commanding officer...
...that the radar laboratory...
...to move the man...
...when the first time he was a oily board...
...found him on the fence...
...and down the loyalty...
...securety...
...that that was the official reason...
...why he should not have been ordered back...
...to the radar laboratory.
I know that from action by the Pentagon...
...sweening board...
...in a flight resort...
...of the...
...born inducing the commanding officer's...
...up there to no longer suspect.
Senator, I may agree with you by some of these things.
I think you might want to be a little bit...
...surprised.
I am not complaining about it.
I am trying to pinpoint your target here.
And a day serious as I have...
...regarded them.
Very certain and desired to be looked into...
...and I think that's what this year was for.
I was my dependent in Europe.
And since you made the charges...
...it's your document...
...I'm trying to inquire into...
...the seriousness of them...
...and your conviction that they drew on to it.
Mr. Senator, I am convinced that everything...
...in the fence is not a charge.
We didn't expect this.
Thank you.
Everything in the fence is a far-frighted or a church.
I'm sorry, my time gets wet.
The doctor's time I get warmed up.
We're back for you soon.
I'm in the next few minutes.
Send a Jackson.
I'm the attorney.
I want to ask a few questions with reference to this.
Now, I'll bring this to an reporter page document.
I came initially from the FBI and was sent to...
...G2 of the Army in coffee, too.
I believe G2 of the Air Force.
I want to ask you...
...the reason why...
...you did not get in touch with Secretary Steven.
At the time, the serious information came to your attention...
...specifically the information in the document...
...with reference to Aaron Coleman.
I'm wondering, was the reason that you did not...
...communicate the fact in the FBI documents, too, Steven?
In the spring, I'd leave a 53 when you received it...
...because you knew your personal knowledge of the fact...
...contained in the document.
But they say some of their Jackson that I...
...can't help but they somewhat amused...
...when I was planning to just out of the aisle with Democrats.
First one is between jail...
...for receiving information.
And then you get sort of served about how I use it.
I use that information as I thought it should be used.
I knew that the security officers in the middle of the day...
...shared all of the information.
Now, let's not prefer that as an FBI document...
...the two-and-a-half-page document was a...
...resumé of a 15-page document right now...
...with all information deleted which might give the names of the informants...
...which might demonstrate any investigating technique.
That's what it might.
Well, now, Senator, in all fairness, the document...
...has used that version of an end of the record...
...and I have not seen the document.
Did it not?
Like you should see it.
Did it not state...
...well, I'm going to follow the...
...may views of Mr. Hoover and Mr. Bownell.
On that part of it about what the law is saying.
Not really. We don't remember Mr. Hoover's reviews.
Well, no, I think you're pardoned.
I believe that Mr. Collier has testified.
Has he not...
...in connection with the interview that he had with Mr. Hoover?
And he said that this information should not be made public on it.
Mr. Jackson, please say...
...the decision of that made by Mr. Hoover...
...the decision made by...
Mr. Brownell, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Smith, Mr. Smith...
...it was in a famous January 21st, me...
...president.
Is it not true that Mr. Collier testified in connection with his interview...
...with Mr. Hoover that it should not be made public...
...on less the Attorney General's grant as such approval...
...the Attorney General being his superior.
Well, that's what he's...
...that's the rules.
Well, but I didn't have any...
...I had the estimate, yeah, I didn't have the...
...it's not the testimony.
It's not something.
The one I know about the rule that...
...Mr. Hoover, all of a sudden, I think, is the position of the Attorney General.
Any information may have been...
...will only be made public...
...upon the orders of the Attorney General.
Yes, but it's not the testimony in the hearing that...
...Mr. Collier interviewed Mr. Hoover.
Mr. Collier then came back and gave the information to the committee...
...and he testified that Mr. Hoover...
...was opposed to having it made public...
...unless permission was satisfied in Attorney General.
I think the record is quite true.
Mr. Jackson, may I say yes, but...
...Mr. Hoover, the Attorney General never authorized...
...the publication of any material that they have planned...
...the appalliz, the only takes the permission of Attorney General...
...who is his boss, nothing like that.
I didn't mean to go into the meeting.
Let me finish up on that.
Let's not go into a lot of others.
I know you're a man or an important senator.
Well, I don't like to take too much of your time...
...but I think it's important here to make this clear...
...to the people who are listening.
That is the day of your Hoover.
Make no decisions.
Insofar as a publication of any information...
...and trying to make an a heritage of white tape.
Hoover had been urging, re-arging, re-arging...
...something that you don't know the rest is.
There's only Mr. Brown here on the street.
Honours, his mercy, his presence...
...the vast information was made public.
Well, Senator, you remember that one newspaper man...
...said that he called up Mr. Hoover, one known...
...to put it in his column and he...
...was advised by Mr. Hoover according to the report in the paper...
...that MPD had to be arrested immediately.
And I didn't mean to report.
Well, there was a reason that you did not get in touch with Mr. Stevens...
...because you felt that he met personal knowledge of this...
...indiculation.
Mr. Jackson, this was just one part, one piece of evidence.
And I have been very, very like a friend.
The information was all on that, all of them, in a position...
...of security, let's call that.
And you...
...even much more than we did about the situation.
I gave you the days to other documents, other...
...the other post went down...
...in which apparently they had to turn away as a matter of...
...the victim of the document.
The reason my question is...
...was, did you not get in touch with Mr. Stevens...
...because you felt that he had personal knowledge.
This is what I'm talking about, and I want to say it in C2...
...but because Stephen's had personal knowledge...
...our information.
I wasn't much of Mr. Stevens.
Well, I think, but why didn't you get in touch with Mr. Stevens?
Was it because you felt that he had already been...
I... Mr. Jackson, I'm trying to give Mr. Stevens all the time...
...and they can brief picture of the situation as well.
I...
...could Mr. Stevens use our bad way to serve their words?
Not only of us.
...but of us.
Well, Senator McCarthy, I'm referring, of course, to the time...
...when you first learned this information back up, please.
Let's say April, May, whatever you said the spring, I think, or April.
When you received this alarming information, particularly with reference to Aaron Coleman...
...did you then get in touch with Mr. Stevens?
No.
And did you...
...not get in touch with him because you felt he had the information anyway?
Personal knowledge of it?
No.
Well, was it because...
...that you didn't feel that it was much used to getting in touch with him?
No.
Uh...
...didn't you feel that here's the new man in his pecaterity army?
New team going in, so to speak?
Couldn't learn everything about it immediately.
That is...
...the situation was as represented in the document.
In this document that time was of the essence and you should get in touch with him immediately?
No.
Well, isn't it quite obvious that the most important thing in the situation such as this where you have information that a...
...individual has worked at Monmouth, was in touch with Russian-Estenarge agents, that that information should be conveyed immediately so that such people could be removed at once.
First information was in the hands of all of the pumpers.
What the big thing is that I can hear you.
I am just talking about one piece of information.
During the course, I think you know this.
During the course of my investigation.
I don't know if it's true.
We receive information every day about various different things.
My task, if I were to get on the phone with each time I receive information, for example, about the CIA, about atomic energy, about the Army of Warcraft, about the indoctrination questions,
about coming to speak, or rather coming to find the speaking.
I already have a phone.
Each time I receive a report, I have a phone all the along.
I do have a judgment.
When I know all of that, a piece of information is the only file of Army intelligence.
I know that those were charged with getting rid of coming to have information over one period of time.
It would be worse than silly.
We need to call them up.
They don't get to know us in your file.
The senator, Mr. Smith, has only been in office a couple of months.
And there are thousands of documents in the files of G2.
Now, isn't the real...
...wing an issue here is getting these alleged subversives out of the government.
Isn't that the real objective?
The incident is getting him out of force.
The incident is an accident.
But one day you see you want to send me to jail for getting you some information.
No, no. Wait a minute.
You never heard that day. You just don't wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Let me ask you to point any place in the elected senator.
What I said that I was going to send you to jail.
Now, what's that all?
You may have a good point.
Why do you say that?
Why don't you answer?
We're not aware of it.
I have a question.
I think I should rather be silky.
I don't think I don't answer to the senator's satisfaction.
So the chance to add another question.
The senior member...
Well, I'm a Democrat.
So don't interrupt.
We're all the time in the world, yes.
The senior member of the Democratic Party, Mr. McCormick,
not only here on the stand, but in speeches.
And I'm not fitifying you for it.
He's right to think that everyone should.
So if I receive this information about communist and the radar plan,
that there's something illegal about that, that there's some time.
I may say I can't help but be somewhat amused when I find my Democrat friends over here.
One day, saying that the Attorney General should find getting excited,
forgetting information about communism, and the next day,
saying I didn't handle it information properly.
I handled it as best we could.
We handled it sort of in the end result for us.
That some 35 people were communist workers who were handling radar material.
At the time we got this document, I no longer handling secret radar material.
Now, that's as best I could do with massacres.
Well, send me all that stuff that you have to do.
I'm asking you, ma'am, I'm asking you, ma'am, say,
I'm only one man.
If my three Democrats and friends had less than a committee, if they had worked with me,
maybe we could have accomplished more.
Well, apparently we were right, Senator, because you turned around and granted all the confessions of what's in the basis for our leading.
And if we were wrong in leaving, why did you turn around and ask all the rules be changed?
I think I made a mistake and I'm going to get you to come back and let's give him.
You're admitting that you made a mistake?
I did like that.
Because we've done very little work,
besides investigating our sands.
We'll actually be trying to create a situation that caused all this trouble.
All happened while we were off the committee or somebody caused it.
We were not on the committee, that's right.
Now, the next minute is a little later.
Where's the head to the next?
No, that is in the field after the time being because that was a statement, not a question.
I think it was a report.
No, I have a question.
I think it was the form of trust.
That's the timing.
In Man's, the next time we go around.
I think it was a statement.
I think that's it.
Before asking questions at Sendemac, I'd like to make a short statement.
Monday I asked Mr. Carr a series of questions about security measures with the structure of the file with this testimony.
I was definitely asking for information and I saw stated it that time.
I was distressed, however, in a hearing of Mr. Carr, the sobred security situation,
with respect to the files of our committee, and also to the reaction of my question to Sendemac.
Mr. Chairman, each member of this subcommittee, Republican and Democrat alike, has responsibility to the people of the United States,
both at law and in fact, the safeguard any classified information which rests in the files of this committee.
Each member of this committee is equally responsible for the members of the staff of the committee.
In fact, as you will recall, the Democrats only returned to this committee after it was agreed they could ensure share responsibility for all staff members.
Therefore, I now demand that before the end of the day, the Department of Defense, which I just now has various representatives in this room,
report to this committee as the each of the members of the staff of this committee, for the legal, investigative, secretary or administrative,
for whom a defense department clearance has been requested.
With the date of such request, and each staff member for whom such clearance has been granted, with the date of such grants,
and each such staff member for whom such clearance has been denied, with the date of such refusal.
I want to clearly understood, Mr. Chairman, that I am making no accusations, whatever.
However, I feel it important for the nation's security that this requested information be forwarded to this committee before these hearings are terminated.
I also request that this information be given this committee an executive session.
I do not now and I never have made any accusations that any individual was a security risk on the basis of any trivial charge,
and I do not want to be appointed to any public accusations against a censorous person, such as we have witnessed on occasion, indeed here.
However, the investigators and other staff members have had and will have access to matters affecting the security of the United States,
in the course of path and future investigation by this committee.
It is therefore the highest importance that this committee do all in its power to make sure that no weak security links can be found in its own staff.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
No, Mr. Senator, he has a topial heartiest red.
No red. I could instruct the department, Mr. Senator.
I am Mr. Wel Arabic. Glad to have to say.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask the senator a few questions.
Chairman Claude, may I read to you from a portion of your course of examination of secondary statements on April 30th,
or may I read one, three, three, five of the directors, with the whole of the middle- stomach like that?
Hello.
I don't question your ability to read. I think you've been doing very well.
Well, Senator, you've mentioned that several times.
I'd like to know I wrote this, remember? If you take the deputy senator out of this country and out of your area, I think you could hear me senator sometimes.
May I say that if we're to have a deputy, if we were to have a deputy junior senator, I shouldn't think of anyone of my fellow head who would have to come and have a deputy junior senator.
Make no mistake about it. I think Mr. Cohen is one of the most valuable men I've ever had with any committee.
Now, what's there to be reading from the governor?
Say it one, three, three, five of the directors. Yes, sir.
How we set?
Oh, sir. I'm looking.
Santa McClothy.
Well, all right. Now, what is the standard in your vocabulary?
The secretary's team is spying. Santa McClothy.
Well, now, if a man gives away a secret, that would be a violation of this standard act.
Would it not? Secretary Steven. You would know about that. I assume that would be correct.
Santa McClothy. Well, Robert, you are the secretary of the Army.
Secretary Steven. That is right. Santa McClothy.
Well, now, if a man or as an employee of the Army gave an unauthorized person, secret, top-decorate or confidential material, that would be a violation of this standard act.
Secretary Steven, you are familiar with that. I assume that it would be Santa and it certainly sounds so.
Have I read that? Right?
You have read that exactly.
Now, Santa McClothy, as I see it, based on your own words, if a man or as an employee of the Army gave an unauthorized person, secret, top-decorate or confidential material, would that be a violation of the advantage act?
An unauthorized person. Yes. I believe that some of them are over giving convictions or violates the appeal of the Army.
The information would not be of such a measure as to the benefit of an enemy.
But, thank you.